Okay, here's a here's a new brain dump for Joel Batchley. Here we go. So he's going to go like this. Calididas is moving along. Right now, we have a major blocker, which is the informatic issue, informatica is down. Looks like it's a company-wide thing or network issue. So that is gonna stop me from being able to Post the participant balances and loans. At the moment, oh. We're gonna, uh, the both are ready to be uh, imported. In process. We just need informatic to open up and then we can process those. So that's good. So, and then, so the plan for Kalitas, is once Informatica opens up, we're gonna post participant balances, process all that, uh, we're going to process the loans. We're going to process elections, and then we'll be good to go. So that is the plan for Kalitas. Now, that's all contingent on when Informatica opens up. Once it does, everything can go pretty quick, because we're going to have all everything prepped and ready to go. So that's, you know, the the, uh, I'm almost there. We going to finish that today and get all prepped. So once informatica goes, we can pull the trigger and everything will be all good. Uh, Havern's good. is all good. Uh, Everybody's loaded. We just need to send the NBI. status email. so I'll have Beth do that. So that's good. Now we have a new one on the books. This is the Banyan. This is also called Cutting Edge Staffing. I not sure how it was set up on there, but we've got that. So at this point here, this one, uh, is should be known the, uh, should, should now be showing up. This is an active plan. Uh, we got the limited access census file, ready to be loaded. Uh, we've got, let's see, based on what I was just given. The Early Access. window for this plan is May 14th to May 27th. And then, uh, May 27th, let's see what day that is. That's probably the end of the month, isn't it? No, it's not. Okay, so May 27th. So then, I think asset transfer is going to be 61. So the blackout ends on a Wednesday, and then, uh, that's weird. Oh, no, early access ends, and then the wire will be coming in and then we'll process that. So I have a couple days to check everything out. That's what it is. That's usually how limited access goes. It closes and then we have a little bit of time to check to see everything that came in to see if it's all good. Monitor everything, make sure that nobody made changes that they weren't supposed to make. So that's another thing I want you to flag. This is a takeaway. Uh, it's good after limited access is is complete. It's another good thing. Just you could monitor it. There's ways. you know, you could check to see and and there's queries to run to check activity that the participants did. Um, so it's good to do that. Just run a few. If they're, and the thing is, because they're only able to do a lot of times with early access, you're only able to uh, change this elections. Sometimes you're able to change your deferral elections and sometimes you're able to change your beneficiaries, but most of the time it's mainly for investment elections because these are going to be for cash conversions. So your current balance, And your current account is going to be completely different once it comes over to TransAmerica. And it's going to be, if you don't put any license, you're going to get defaulted to a subscription service that creates the investment elections for you. And then you're subscribed to their, uh, you know, whatever the, um, their, uh, investment advice type of deal and you get charged a fee and all that type of stuff. So they give the participants participants a chance to go in and change their elections to whatever they want. And then once the wire, once their account is processed, the money gets distributed based on whatever elections they picked. So they we give them plenty of time to go in there and make the changes themselves. And then once the plan turns on, obviously they can go in and make every change they want from there on. But during that time, they, uh, they're not, there's other things they're not supposed to be able to change, but there's the thing to remember. They can call the call center and say, hey, I'm trying to change my for elections and I'm not able to. I want to put it at 10% or something. Call center isn't privy to the restrictions that they are in. They hear a participant call up. They check them, they're in the system. So they and they make the changes for them, even though they're not supposed to make those changes. So, now that's at the end of the world. It's fine. It doesn't happen very often. And It's them. They had to do all the verifications and everything, so it's not like it got hacked or something like that. And there's there's flags, there's Mark's timing on every single thing. So it's all could be verified and back traced and audited and confirmed. So, um, not the end of the world, but it's something to remember. Uh, so that's that. And if there's something there, usually catch it when you're loading data and you see there's existing data and you're like, oh, no, there shouldn't be because it's all brand new people. And you go back and see that there was some activity, which is very likely through the call center. Good thing to remember. So that's the thing. Banion treatment centers, cutting edge staffing, that is the QK 63283 dash 00099. So Beth is on that one. She's going to Enter the census, default the elections, run the awesome query that Julius put together. Julius, by the way, is the sequel master. He is the go-to guy for all things sequel. He created a really awesome query that combines all the tables that we need, all in one, one row per participant, super awesome. This is the coolest thing he did. That's a really cool, uh, script he wrote, makes, uh, these Excel, uh, auditing the Excel wise plan so much easier. So kudos to him. Uh, so that's where we are right now. Everything else is kind of, you know, wrapping up a little bit later. The bridge, the can-ams are still way down the road. The Den, the international, the Denver one is down the road. Levy's still nothing, so no changes from anything else. We are good to go. So those are the plans that we are focusing on now. And then we also have TMG. This one kind of popped up out of nowhere. This is an older plan than I had converted before. And it looks like we're going to need to, uh, do a little fix on vesting on this plan. Looks like We need to get yours a service entered. I guess we had originally thought that it was going to be, it was going to be okay and, uh, we were going to just be able to use their, um, They calculate years of service based on higher dates, but that did not happen. And people are not showing what the correct vesting. So I think we're going to need to go to the client and ask for years of service and be loaded years of service and then we can flip it from a lap or from elapsed time to hours or something like that. Well, we're going to fix their vesting. So we need to get years of service from the client, from Meredith. Uh, know her. She's one of our old clients. So, that's another one you could put on the plan list, TMG. That's a plan that I, it's a genu- it's a January 1st plan, old one that I already completed long before. A lot of lessons learned from that one. I could build up the spec on that one. WTW, that is an advisor group. That's another entity I like you to load to this profile here. So we got, uh, Excel wise is an investment group. So there's like a big group of plans that all kind of have the same kind of rules. Then there's WTW, And again, another advisor group that have their own, um, ways of doing business. And WTW are stick lures, big time. They have, they go after the really big clients, big money clients, and they are really, really hands on with everything they do. The meetings they create are very unique, very hands-on. Very thorough. The very hands on and they expect a lot. So the problem with this one here is there might be a couple of people who are going to want to know what the heck, how come this was took so long to find out? Is there anybody impacted? The good thing is, no one is impacted. Uh, meaning nobody was under vested, who had a full liquidation. That would have been a tough deal to do. Good thing is they would have, we still have their money, but it would have been a real tough thing to say, hey, you know, here's an extra check for 100 grand. We screwed up and you got this. Now it might be nice for the for the client, but it's not a good thing. Luckily, that did not happen. I did the checks. Me and the account manager did the checks and we looked at the history and nobody who liquidated their account has had any forfeited funds. So that's a good, that's good. So that means, The fix is going to be done and no one's going to be kind of, one person noticed it and that's why we were able to see it. The participant went online and saw that they were 0% vested when they should be because they've been working at the company for 20 years. And that's when we look back and saw that there was an issue. So we got to go back to the client. Hopefully, we can just get that. And it's just a, you know, blah, boom, blah, bing. We just say, yeah, weird system thing. Uh, whatever. But that's got to get fixed. So there's about 300 people who need to get their vesting turned back onto a 100. So, gotta try to figure out how to do that and have the least amount of impact, least amount of exposure, least amount of anything, and just get this shit done. I fucking hate TMG. It's a throne in my side. It won't go away. The account manager, Ruby, she's a nice lady, but man, she will not leave me alone on this fucking plan, but anyway, it is what it is. So there's your brain dump for for now. So we can update all everything. Pella Carolina. Just give that one. We are getting close to liquidation day on that one. But I just need to follow up on ADP and get a response on the deferral reports again. Uh, I don't know if we need to get a a new contact or a specific contact because I've been sending things to a, A, um, A group email. So I might need to talk to, I think her name is Sally, whatever the content, new contact at Pella, and have her bang on them and get that report as soon as possible. So, uh, that's something I need to follow up on. I try to do that by the end of the day today. So there we go. That is where I'm at right now. So there's a brain dump. I want you to update everything, and then I want a, uh, just give me a, like a one week, so for, for, for today and until Friday. I want you to give me a, um, just an update, a little something to, uh, or just a, you know, snapshot of where things are and give me a little, my little digest there.
