All right, here we go. First, uh, dynamic brain down. This is gonna be the 1st one that's gonna go from here, sent directly to my Gmail account, but the shortcut that I created. Um, which will then be pulled from... which will, uh, so that, which will, and then, which the attachment will be pulled, and... entered, pasted into... the brain dump folder. which will then be accessed, by the word below, and that makes it just one step easier, and me having to go into my email, and plus it opens up possibilities for everything else too. So, this reduces a few steps. I'm really happy about that. Having that shortcut is really cool too. It's really cool. It's gonna make my stuff look a lot, lot, lot, better, once I push this out. So anyway, here we go. Here's our brain dump. This is gonna be for, uh, this week and specifically on Monday. Definitely too sure it's gonna be going on throughout the entire week, but... So, what we need to do is get, uh, a little caught up on a few things. Um, NBI. Excuse me. Excuse me. All right. Uh, N, B, I, was down last, uh, at the end of the week. People weren't able to make any updates, and it looks like there was some kind of a... little bitchy stuff happened, because, uh, they're changing a few things, uh, they put in, like, a new field, and kind of messed things up, so people weren't able to send any NBI updates. And I have a couple I need to send. I need to send one for... the havern, census, and... elections. Those were put in. We need to make sure we get that taken care of. I think Beth said that she was trying and was not able to. So I gotta get in for those. Um, I actually need to just, before we send that out, I want to do a quick double check on everything, because I'm not too confident that everything is 100% right, so we'll check to make sure that every person was uploaded, and that elections were defaulted. And they will say not that... that email. Also, need to send one, or... the same one. Um, it's in one for, uh, colletus for the participant balances. No, but no. Those women good. He's got to make sure that I get that email out so they can get a check. Also, what I need to do. Let's check to see what happened with them. loan issue of the upload issue, because for some weird reason. I did, like, everything uploaded fine through, if I manica, but I think you're not quite hit the tables, when I went in on... P 3 to C. Yeah, push it to the last step. And that he was not there. So, it might have been something with my parameter pile, or my import files. We lean a bit more toward the important files. So I have to make sure we check the prom with that, figure out what that is. Pretty sure it's a case number issue. That makes a kind of sense, makes a little bit sense, because that usually is, uh, the reason why you would have that silent error, where it says success is when there really is a problem. So... check on that, and it will update my... process is to make sure that it's put in there in the, uh, um... uh, troubleshooting, and, um... best practices to make sure that you have a way that been happening. There's nothing we gotta make sure we do. Um, let's see. Everything else is online, anything else to go in the world. Um, we need to stay up on the COCC source issue there. So we'll just follow up with Michelle and see if there's anything that you need to do and get hit through the process and see maybe if you might be able to get in there and learn a little something here, there, or whatever. That'd be kind of cool. So, see what you can do. See what you can find out. And also, Try to nail down. Anthony, I'm supposed to do it last week. Let's try to nail them down this week. Um, see if you can, uh, you know, give some time to show them what's up. Show them the T.A. brain. You know, it's a lot better than it was when you were gonna show it to him a couple weeks ago. So that's really cool. So, let's see if you could get him to buy him, then you could fill in that TC section, which would be really cool. I know they have. I know they've got something out there, so. I just need to just find that a little, uh, you know, PC boulder and whatever. Just start mining for data. So let's do that. That's a really good spot. And if we can't help out, then I'll start asking the other ones and see if they can, kind of, maybe get him moving. I don't even wanna step on his toes or anything like that, but... So, we'll get that. And then, uh, other plan looks like, uh, Pella is gonna be, Pella, Carolina's gonna be rampant pretty soon, so I need to follow up on the deferral report. Just make sure you do that. Let's find our actual contact. We need to get a contact. I did this last time, and it burned me. So let's make sure that we go in there, we get that good contact, and get word from them this week, for sure. Liquidation is happening pretty soon. Or blackouts happening pretty soon. So, um... that's that. Havern, I'm gonna need to make sure that I get, uh, the right coverage for that wire when it comes in. So, that's gotta get taken care of early, early, early, early, early, early on. So let's make sure we do that, too. Um, and then, I think everything else is, is moving along. Everything else is all good. I think we're good with everything else on the top of my head. Nothing's really coming up to the surface just to yet. So that's what we got for now. And then project wise, you know, we're just gonna keep hammering in. Um, I really want to start building out these, these pitch decks, 'cause these sites for, um, to show the stuff off are, are awesome. They turned out really good. So I want to keep on doing that. And just keep refining everything else, you know? Keep refining, making things look better, making things run better, and that's what we gotta do, baby. So that is where we're at now. So, um... Here we go. Dynamic brain dump number one. See how it goes.

Sent from my iPhone
