=== PART 1: INTAKE REDESIGN ===

Okay, I want to redesign the way you ingest information from me. So I want this to be similar to how the TA Brain Wiki app takes information. So, what I want you to do is kind of recreate that. You're gonna take what I say, and you're gonna apply like tags to them, internal tags. Uh, this one's gonna be a lot less, um, uh, less complex than the other one. We going to have like plan-specific stuff. We're going to have projects specific stuff we're going to have personal stuff. things like that. You'll be smart. Just be smart about it, right? I'm gonna give you, so you already have my brain dump. You got everything that you need to know about the status of my plans right now. Well, say is here, is I'm gonna start talking about my project. So I want you to kind of create... So from all these brain dumps, I want you to create some more folders, so you're gonna create, like, an identity about me, like a profile of me, of my current place, my future projects, like who I am, the identity of me. Um, my current caseload, and everything that goes along with that. And my projects, too, I want you to, you know, keep me moving on those, 'cause I do tend to have a wandering brain. So I'm gonna give you a big dump of my current projects and what I'm working on now, and I want to get done. So, factor that into the, um, the digest, who at the very end, when you start looking at, uh, you know, Actually, a matter of fact, let's do another one. Let's do another, uh, a completely different, um, slide. It'd be similar to the the the signal one or whatever it is. Let's just do another one. Lets do a couple more of those, because I'm not really feeling the way that was. I went there to be something where this is, like, a friendly, you know, Hey, haven't done this in a while. And wait, I mean, you want to keep with the same theme, so it doesn't need to be goofy. You know, campy shit, but just like, you know, reminders. Um, You know, have, you know, haven't talked about this for a certain amount of time, stuff like that. So, um, and other things that I've just been talking about, like, you know, adding, maybe, maybe even you can throw, you look at what's active, and if there's not a lot popping, you can just say, you know, get kind of, make your own suggestions, look at some of the, the active ones, and think of ways to add to it, just, you know, you could put that on there, too. So every week, you give me some inspiration to, you know, continue on a project, or create a new one, or add to the one that's already shipped, things like that. Um, so you have, like, a pro, you'll, like you said, ultimately, you're gonna have a big profile of me. So, you've got what you need, so I want you to kind of do it. So, the, the problem. Mickey, and I think I'll figure out if there's some extra stuff that I need to get for you to get that happen. And then, um... And that's what we'll do going forward with these brain dumps. You know, you just keep the information that you've already got, build on the profile, uh, wow, all the things I'm saying. So, update the projects. Update the projects. Um, status for all the stuff I'm saying. So you keep, uh... you can keep updated on where I am. Um, you can even have, uh, you know, like plan your own little plan, checklists. So, things that need to be done. Like the main stuff, like the main, main stuff, it doesn't have to be little granular things. Oh, did you follow up on that email? Main, just the main core stuff, and you got that from the checklist generator. So, use those as your big ones. You don't have to be asking every single, little, tiny thing. Just the main stuff. So, build that out, too. It's pretty soon after you're done with all this, the whole goal is to, uh, you know, cut the end. You peel out of my brain, which is super easy to get, you know? I mean, like, on the way home from work, or, or, or, or jumping off the school, we, we get this work. There's, that was finished.

=== PART 2: PROJECTS ===

Okay, so, the rest, what we've got is the data parser. And that is all done. I'm just, uh, at this point, he was just going through different iterations of designs and things like that, but functionality, it is pretty much 100%. We just need to really clean up the logic on the, either do away with the summary report, that secondary submarine analysis, or tighten it up. And if we're gonna tighten it up, we need to run some more tests. So we're gonna need to do is probably get more. Uh better test files that we can use for you. And that will take care of a lot of stuff there, I think. Um, so that's one we got there. But other than that, just, you know, really what I really want to do is you want to kind of start getting away from the style stuff and you get and focus on the function. And so I like to just make sure that thing is super tight. The mapping validator is really cool. I love it. Been kind of playing around with that as a standalone. Not too sure if you really need that because it's already in that one there. I think breaking it out is excessive. So it's gonna kind of, I just want to make it known. I wanna kill that idea. Stop, stop thinking about it. And just build it out better in the, in, in this app already here. It's fine. Fine. It's perfectly fine. Get 2 for one anyway. Why wouldn't you? right? You're doing the same thing anyway. Just keep it in there. So we could probably just, you know, refine it better, just and again, we want to do it this one here is test the shit out of it. And, I mean, it's simple. It shouldn't you know, we should be able to be flawless on this. So let's do that. It's really, really, really lock in on that. That's what I want to do on that. So the other ones we've got are the NBI search. That thing is ready to ship. Holy cow, that thing is so freaking cool. Love the design. Freaking love it design. Um, only thing we're gonna need to do is figure out the best way to, um, Uh, pull into the data. Instead of hard coding a folder, might have to hard code the file, but what we need to do is make it to where that thing fires up and then we've got to refresh button that we don't need to, you know, select a file. I'd like to not select a file. I'd like to do everything I can to get away from selecting the file and getting this down. But right now, it looks great. All right, what else do we got? Um... Those are the main ones. Oh, the TA brain. How could I forget? The TA brain, that one is another awesome one that is probably never going to ever be off the the working list. What I need to do with this one here, it is probably fix the animations and the way they are. I still think we could probably do a better job of placing them. But for now, we could kind of table that. What we need to do is get more animations. So look for more opportunities to create some animations for other processes. Also, what we could probably start thinking about doing is really refining that concepts page, because it's pretty bloated, and everything is all, bleeds together. So we probably need to do a better job of maybe, uh, not categorizing it too much because we want it to be kind of open out on the sidebar there. But let's just start thinking about a better way of, um, you know, having that down. It's probably not the biggest, most major thing, but let's just think about it anyway. explore the options. And also, on the search, I think we could do, we could make the search a little easier to see it, right now, it works great, but I think what we could probably do is have a better search, um, kind of, I want it to be a little bit more visible. And, um, since we do have a lot of tags and things like that, I'd like to have that backslash command option the way we have for the, um, for the NBI tracker. That thing's awesome. I love that. And for something like this, this is perfect for it. So that's what I'd like to add to that. And then from there, just always adding, always adding. Let's follow up with with Anthony. And see if he's got some time on Friday, maybe, to show him a few things. And then... That'll really open me up to the TC section that I could really blow out. Just have to make sure that he knows it's safe and the transfer of data will be safe and secure. So we don't have to worry about. Um, I didn't even know where the hell I was. Uh, we'll blow out the TA TC section and then, um, Yeah, that'd be great. That'd be great. So what I want to do is get, make sure we get a good, good product for him. Make sure he knows everything. Again, that's what I said. Make sure everything is safe and secure. Show them how you're going to do it. Show them exactly how you're going to do it. We got that agent that strips out any kind of, uh, sense of information, generalizes everything to super granular detail. That is unusable for any kind of hacker or anything like that. No socials, no nothing, goes in there and gets digested in snap of a finger, Bubba, you're right there. So that's how we want to be. So let's see about, uh, hooking up with him. So there you go. That's it. At this point, he would call it that. And then so any future projects, you know, you already kind of got what I what I want. I don't want to kind of overload things. Um, but I guess another part is just, you know, the the long way of just looking at uh, old Excel projects I had and turning them into these, uh, little apps. And then also at some point getting a site or something. that I'll be able to kind of access these things with their own dashboard. So that's kind of what I want there. So there you go. That's what I got.
