Okay, so here is the main goal of this. So we had this brain build. Okay? We have a brain build. Every single brain dump is gonna fill that in. And I want to make sure that we always remember is in this brain dump when we have our, so the main thing of it is to keep track of everything. That's our main thing. So we want to focus on that right now. So, I've already set up my profile, and then what I want to have happen is these. The plan MDs are gonna have everything. even have the open stuff too. I have to make sure that these markdown files have the open stuff, and the ones, um, the resolve stuff gets updated with the brain dump. So, we want to make sure that anything that we explicitly mention, they need to be done, you know, mark that down. You know, I'll obviously have all the normal tasks. But if there's anything specific that we're talking about, make sure that the MD file has that pending tag or somehow flagged that it's still open. So when we have our signal slide or the, you know, the FYI slide, those will get picked up in there. So each brain dump, of course, is gonna fix all that. So what we want to have happen, essentially, is after every brain dump. Um, let's look to see if there's any, like, contradictions, right? Just kind of like how we do with, uh, lenting the winky or whatever it's called. You know, everything I say, just make sure that everything is all good. You know, do a quick check. See if everything's all good, and, uh, anything that doesn't jive, put that on an output sheet, too. I highly doubt that's ever gonna happen. But they're already discrepancies, whether, you know, it could be, like, a date. Hey, you know, ligidation date is March 1st. Well, actually, it was March fifth. Oh, is it? Oh, that's right. Yeah, stuff like that. Sometimes, uh, things might split my mind and I'll revert back to the original, you know, date or value, whatever. And so I guess it is a good idea too. make sure that we stay on top of things and make sure that it's not garbaging garbage out, right? We want to clean things up before it gets in. So that's how we'll do it. And then what we'll do is when we say, we're also always going to be giving this a problem. This isn't going to be... I mean, for the weekly stuff, yeah, but that's gonna be after a brain dump. So it has like a Friday brain done, put it all in there. And it'll just generate that thing for Monday, right then and there. That's gonna be kind of the, you know, for our weekly stuff. And if it ever comes a time where I need to pass this off, what I wanna do is set something up to where we could get a snapshot. We get a snapshot of the, uh, current plans, and, uh, we could, you know, use the same style as the ones that are in the week, the, the weekly ones. Which is fine. You know, give a nice little overview of everything. And, of course, you know, you'll have the, you know, all that context. So, remember, this isn't gonna be like a long running one. We could just kind of, you know, condense some things down a bit, maybe. Um, you know, we don't have to include every single long term project or anything like that. We can do something that's a little bit, you know, like you said, we could, you know, trim it down a bit when we do that. And we will all so make sure to include a, um, like I said, like a title page that's gonna have the D.C.'s name. Um... And a list of their plans here, with, uh, quickable links for, for all of them, for easy navigation. That'll be our little export. That'll be our dump there. So we'll, uh, have it to where I'm about to be out, throw it in there, and, of course, another thing, too, what we'll do, we'll have, so we can do, is we'll pull the snapshot. So, okay, we're gonna build this one out here real quick. When we are going to create our out of office and off, that's gonna come with the prompt, right? That's not going to come. It could. We'll put it this way. It could. Much rather not. Much rather kind of have a quick, uh, you know, natural language briefing on the high level stuff. And actually, that is what's gonna happen. So it will come with a high level briefing, um, just stuff to remember, 'cause there might be some stuff that says, Hey, you know, this is really important. Don't worry about it. get to it later. And then those can override whatever's on the actual thing there. I hope that makes sense. So if it's a hot topic, and even though it might be, do Friday and the prison at the out Friday, they'll say, hey, look, don't trip, you know, on the briefing site right before I left. I told the guy, It's all good. We could get to it on Monday, whatever. So in the briefing, it'll say, you know, have your high level stuff. Like the, and then the front page, you know, Joel, Joel's caseload, da da. And then you can just have a front, so it'll have the table contents in the front page will just be that high level briefing, whatever that came from that prompt. the extra natural language context to things, and then we can have the rest of the plans, too. So, we have the snapshot of everything, plus that briefing, so then we can, you know, that'll kind of help the user, uh, override any of those critical things that can be ignored, but may not have already been, like, checked off of those MD files or anything like that. So I said, the context will override anything that's written out there because that's stripping the horse's mouth, but so that's how we want it right there. That's gonna be the flow. So what we'll do is using everything that we've got, I'll say, okay? Here we go. Here's what I am, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm gonna be out for 2 weeks. Uh, this is important here because of this. This is important to get to that, watch out for this, da da da. Don' worry about this. Um, and then then I'll have a little briefing. That'll be available for everyone to see, be able to publish that, and everyone will be able to see it. Pick from it and all that good stuff. Everyone will have that out of office, and you'll be really good to go. And the good thing about that is, if we continue to do it this way, it could be done anytime. We could even pull it. Another way, I'm sure I could figure out, really, but I think that's a really good way for us to keep our stuff. So I don't know, maybe something to, to, and pull the team about, building out these profiles and then having just a, just a quick spill session on Fridays or Mondays or whatever. and continue to build these things out. I think this is something that I should really, really push to the team. Hey, there you go. Add that to my projects, by the way, as a quick aside, add this to my projects. Uh, you know, build this out, and flesh it out, and see about, uh, maybe having another teammate, give it a try, and I could build out a, uh, a profile for them, and see how it looks. Maybe we can do that. Maybe we can have, uh, you know, new people or whoever, uh, to be a project, make another mock for somebody else, and see what they think about it. Right? Get their own. And this is how we're going to start it. This is like a grassroots thing, man. So, we're gonna make this work. So that's how I wanted there. So that's, uh... That how it was gonna be, man. So I guess the most important thing what we do after all this is just kind of write it into a skill. That way, I can just be in the folder, invoke the skill, and then say, blah, blah, blah, boom. And then you go and set it up. So, there's that. That's my, my little brain down for, for us there, and then, you know, in the scale, it'll just be, Hey, you know, you want to just throw one, one, you know, one plan, you want to put the whole plan. Uh, and then, you know, I was having something to where, you know, we could kind of even have, like, a work in a date range. So if it's gonna be one day, it'll be either from high level days, but I think in the context, that'll take care of everything. So I think, let's make this a little easier, and we'll just say, whatever slides you were gonna, you were gonna generate anyway, just put them in there. Right? So you just go into their caseload folder, and, um, you know, create that snapshot right from there, and then, you know, add the context and all that type of stuff. So that will be it. So, let's proceed forward with this here. I think we've got something going going here.
