Okay, I'm going to, uh, brain dump. This is where I am currently at with all my plans. So my goal for this is I want you to take all this, condense it down into a nice markdown file. We gonna put this in there, We're gonna make a nice little slide deck, or a nice little presentation that's going to help me move along for the next couple weeks or so. So here we go. First plan. Uh, Kaleidas, C-A-L-L-I-D-I, T-A-S. Uh, that one, we are right now. We are waiting on the additional participants who are included in the asset transfer who were not in our system before. Uh, this is a weird one because we had originally thought that everyone who had a balance was in the plan, but, uh, I cross-checked the name or the SSNs, the participants who were not in our system. I looked to see it the, if I had made a mistake earlier when I compared the population that was already in our system, I did not. So there are new people. Um, so the balance file or the the report that I think it was the client gave us was, uh, missing people. So maybe that's something that needs to be brought up, um, because we thought that we had everybody, but we didn't. So, right now we're waiting on the, some details for them. Mainly data higher date of birth. Those are the 2 main things. And then, you know, we also need address and all that other stuff, but in order to get the people in the system, we need data of birth and a data hire. And then once we get everything else, we'll load them up, and then we could load the balances to the participant accounts. Right now, the money has been invested, and it's waiting to be, uh, given, you know, waiting for the, the next steps to apply to the participant accounts. So once we get that, we're gonna be able to load them up. Second thing with this plan is we have a loan that is out of order that may need to be more re-amorted. Um, it looks like there was a payment that was made that wasn't logged or logged in wasn't made or something like that. There's a discrepancy and we were looking to find out. Now, I think with this plane here, the loans were frozen and then unfrozen to ream or something like that. There's some weird stuff going on with these loans. So, um, I mean, there's not a lot, the good thing. There wasn't a lot. And there's only one that's off. One guy for one loan, which is good, so everything else is fine. We're gonna be able to load everything once we figure that out. And it's not a huge deal. Pretty sure we'll be able to get to the bottom of it. So the goal is to get this done and have everything done by the end of the week. Uh, I'm ready to pull a trigger on both things as soon as I get it done. So, or once I get the information. So, once we get that ban, turn around real quick. And this is, again, this is not on us, it's on the client, whatever it is, what it is. But what I'm doing my best. And once we do that, I think this plan is gonna be off my hands. So we're waiting on participant details, to be able to load those new participants into the system, and then load all the other rest of the participants details, and then we need to fix that one loan issue. Once we get that, we can load the loans and they can proceed as usual. All right, next, central Maine, healthcare, or prime healthcare services. Just got off a call on that one and it looks like this is going to be pushed to an 81. So this is essentially no, no longer. I mean, this is way far off the radar. There's nothing that I need to do for the next couple months. So this is essentially completely off my list. So we could completely disregard them. Pella, South Carolina, that one is starting to ramp up a bit. But this one is going to be relatively easy being that this is, we have a lot of the population already in our system. I think we do. Um, So we are gonna have a much easier time getting records over. ADP is good with records, so I know that when, um, When we get them, I didn't have any issues with Pella. The only issue I had was with deferrals, and it took us a long time to figure that out. It's not going to take us a long time this time. I know exactly where to go. Last time we were going back and forth, didn't know what to do, and we were going back, you know, trying to get this report, and we ended up getting it really, really, really late. Um, and that's not gonna happen this time. We're ahead of things. I think the liquidation day is gonna be in the next couple weeks. So right now we're good. I just need to follow up with ADP to get the deferral report so I can get ahead of that so we can get the lists. So what we want to do is ADP is not going to let us know. They don't, their records are not accurate and they do not allow for determining if a participant is currently in default when it comes to their, uh, defrault elections. Uh, their records are jacked up and you can't, and there's no way to be 100% confident that anyone who is marked as in default and is still within the window, from the minimum to one below the maximum. Still can't tell if they are or not. So what we end up doing is we load everybody out of default with whatever percent that they are in, whatever their current percentage is. And we take the group of participants who are in that window, who are ambiguous, right? who are marked at the very least, marked as in default. And then what we do is we give that to the client, the client tell, finds these people and lets them know, Hey, if you were in default, you no longer are, which means you are not going to have any auto-escalate or anything like that, you will be locked into this actual percentage. Um, so they know. we get, you know, we kind of cover our butts on that one. And it's for the participants too. It's not really covering our butts, it's to help the participants. That is the most important thing. They're expecting their percentages to go up. They got to go up. That's just all there is to it. And we can't do that. So we let them know, hey, it's not our fault. ADP. So if you want to make that change, you're gonna have to now kind of make the change yourself. It's not gonna do it for you. So at least they no. And then, uh, all the records that ADP brings, I know are going to be good. If there's any, uh, I don't think we need a base file from them, but I'll find out about that and we can get that from now. Unfortunately, we have a new person who's taking over for the guy who we worked with in the past. So, hoping she's gonna be able to get us what we need, but I'm pretty sure she is. She seems like she's ready to rock and roll. And, um, I'm sure once we get down to, uh, you know, the the data transfer time, we'll be able to get that. And I was able to turn the last one around really quick with the exception of that one dumb little deferral thing. I was ready to have that done in like a day, 2 days or something like that. Um, and that was when I was a long time ago. I'm way better now. So I'm not worried about this plan at all. So we're gonna be good with that one. Can Am Bridges, just started with that. That's a 10-1. super duper long time in the future. So I'm going to call that effectively off my radar. Cutting edge staffing, that's a 61, and I think that one sounds like it might even get pushed out. even further based on, or it might not. Okay, I was I saw some stuff going on with the client and the vendor, but I think they got that resolved. So, with this one here, I believe, I'm gonna need, I'm gonna see if I need to get a baseball for that. That's what I'm going to need to figure out. We'll go get a base. We'll get that set up. Get a, uh, base file set up. I think I actually sent that out for testing. I have to check to see if I went for testing. Well, that's one thing. Check to see if it's already been sent for testing. And if so, put the base file together in the payroll template together for cutting edge staffing. Um, Let's get that now. That'll be a, you know, we'll get that, we can get that done by today, then we should get, you know, have that done and ready to be sent out no later than the end of the week, but we can get that, we could, we could get that done within a day or 2 for sure. Stout Co, uh, have not had a meeting on that one yet, so I'm going to, but it's a 71, Excel-wise plan. Those are pretty simple. Those are those tend to be pretty straightforward. I don't know anything else about it. So, uh, it's a 71, so that's kind of far into future. Nothing I'm going to need to do in the next couple weeks. Bonnie, Bonnie or Corporation, another Excel wise plan, another 71 way down the road, not worried about that right now. So it's off the radar. Leby's Dairy, L-E-I-B-Y, Leby's Dairy, another Excel-wise plan, an 81 plan, meaning it's weighed in the future. I had a meeting today, but it got canceled. So nothing to say about that effectively off the radar. Can Am Buildings? Uh, 10 one. gonna call that one off the radar. No need to do anything with that one. Havern School. This one is one that's going to be cracking pretty soon. Now, this one is a little bit weird because the calm on this one, I don't think she's going to be on her feet anytime soon. She had brain surgery. So she got the plan taken from her. So it's somebody else. So I don't know how much that's going to be a problem. But there's her, whoever was taking over for her has been, um, with the plan the whole time anyway. So it's not like it's a massive, gigantic, huge change from that to that. So that's okay. Um. That's weird. You should buy something wrong. Um... So, let's see. We got the base file. We're loading that in, and I think it's all good. Uh, Beth... Got, got everybody in, and I think she did her checks, and, uh, helped her out pretty nice. Showed her how to fix her AQT to make sure that everyone shows up. But she got everybody in. Flagged everybody who needed to be flagged. And um, we're good. I think everyone who, uh, and if there's anybody who was messed up who needed to get at it, um, and also, I, you know, I could just follow up with Damien. I'll do that. I'll grab the people who didn't get anything in there, follow up with him, see if those people do actually need to get added. And if not, no, if yes, he'll give me the dates and we can update that. So let's get that done by the end of the week too. And this is the 51s. So assets will be coming Pretty soon next week. So, um, I'm gonna need some help on that one, I believe. I think I'm not sure if I have to figure that out. So plan the, uh, that's another gigantic thing to do. Planning of next week, because I'm going to be out and I'm going to need someone on a couple of my things. So that's mark that. International School of Denver, just had a meeting on that one. largely Nada on this one. It sounds like the only thing I'm going to be doing is loading census, defaulting elections, and then loading into, and then processing deferrals after the fact. Now, here's something that's interesting. This is worth mentioning. So, we want to get this plan live. So what we're going to say is we're going to tell participants, because so normally what we would do is we would auto enroll everyone right off the bat. But this is still kind of like a merger. It's a merger that's going to be treated like a startup. So we do have existing information for these people. But again, this is going to be treated like a startup, meaning we're just taking census and defaulting elections. Now, normally what we would do in a situation like this 1st start up is we have a limited access period when the participants are able to jump in and make changes. So they are, their elections get defaulted. Investment elections get defaulted. They are given a chance, like, a couple weeks to jump in, and make changes to their elections. The reason why they're going to do that is because the money that's going to be transferred. Excuse me, sun startup. Who cares? doesn't matter. So they get a chance to do all that before anything kicks off. Um, And especially when we've got when there's assets coming over, but this one, there is no assets. So, but anyway, the point is, is, they're not going to have a limited access. So whatever we have in the system is what they're already gonna have. Now, What we wanted to do is, so what they're with their deferral elections, What we're going to do is, instead of loading anything, we want it to go right away, but we won't be able to actually load the elections until the live date, which is the day we're going to turn it on. And we don't want to do that because we'll, if something is entered wrong, well, people could go in and see it, and that's not okay. Things need to be QC before. So what we were saying is, well, if we can only do it on 71, we have to put it in and then we have to get it checked and that could take a day or two. So they won't be able to be live for that day. And that's a problem. So what we're gonna say is, all right, we're not gonna load anything. We will load nothing. We're gonna give these people a couple days to jump in. Make their changes. Okay. From there, we'll say, all right, now. The client is going to give us a file with everyone else's deferrals. Now, normally, if we were going to do that, they're going to give it to us after. I don't know why they can't give it give it to us before. Thinking about that now. If they have it, we should get it now. Why should we wait? So maybe I should bring that up. But anyway, what they plan on doing is not loading anything. Allowing participants to come in, make changes before a payroll is being processed or being before anything like that. For any money, before any deduction is gonna be taken out of their check. Let people go in and make their changes. However they want. And then, a couple days later, maybe a day, a couple days, a week or whatever, I don't know how long it's going to be. They're going to send a file with Defurly elections. And then what we'll do is we will take those, import them, and then bam. Well, could be good to go. And the good thing about that is anybody who makes changes after 71 will have an entry, an existing entry in their, in their, in their history. So when we go to load the deferrals, we're going to load them with an effective date of 71. So anybody who has anything already? The whatever is already in the system will override what we're trying to load. So it's good. We don't have to pick anything. I would have to filter anything out. People make their changes, we take, then we just take the big old blanket, one bam, pop it in, and that's it. Another good thing is, it's not going to be a gigantic deal. However, this seems to be an extra ask.

All right, I think we got cut off. Okay. So anyway, point is, is. That is, so the point of content, well, look, it kind of got contentious, but one person is saying, look, you know, this is dumb. It's a startup. There should be no blackout. They should just start when the start date is, that's when you start. You have everybody loaded up. Starting fresh. What, you know, there's no need to have anything else. When somebody else is saying, well, that's not the way it goes. And by doing this other extra stuff, loading it after the fact, and all this is like extra, we don't want to set the precedent. shit like that. So I think it sounds like there's going to be a discussion about what we're going to do with these plans because apparently there's a lot. There's a lot of these plans that are gonna be converting over that are gonna be existing plans that are gonna be treated like the startups, but with deferrals, you know, people already have existing payrolls and all that type of stuff. So, um, Yeah, it's going to be a thing and Except for me because I think I always want to be, I'll raise my hand, but I'll fuck around and make things harder for everybody else. So, but the point is, I'm gonna do what I do. That deferral stuff is easy peasy, but I'm gonna put it in, give her all the analysis that she's going to need, and we'll be good to go. And that's it, Bubba. Episcopal. that's needs to be checked off because that's not it. So there you go. So that's my caseload for now. So take all that. make me a nice presentation. So that I can hang on to. Let's have it interactive, you know, have like a checklist at the end, stuff like that will break it up into, however, I don't know. Uh, however you want it. Maybe we can do something where we have a couple different ways. So, you know, you could look at, I don't know, whatever. Let's just make a slide dick that's gonna help me out for the next couple weeks, you know, based on all the dates that I gave you. And, um, Yeah, the, you help me out for to, to plan the, the next 2 weeks. And then you know what else you can do? A factor in this too, because I've been doing a lot of projects. A lot of these side projects, my HTML, app building and site building. Let's factor that type of stuff in too. Because I need to be spending time on that and, you know, showing some stuff for the next time that I see my boss. So let's get that going too. Let's factor that into the to do's. You know, let's get a couple of good deliverables. I got a few right now. I'm working on a few right now, but let's get a few more. Right? Let's make sure that when this guy sees your shit, it blows his socks off. So I think what we could kind of do is just break up work and then these projects stuff into 2 different ones. So let's do that. Let's see what we can do and see what we can make out of this.